                                                 Open in app

                                                                                     54
                                Search                                       Write



Stackademic


    Member-only story



 Claude Code           Artificial Intelligence      Github     Programming

 Developer Tools



9 Cool Repositories I Found on the
Internet This Week
      Jerry PM 7 min read · Sep 6, 2026




     601           9           2




The SKILL.md quietly became the unit of distribution and Google shipping one is
the tell
I keep a scratch file of repos worth a second look.


Most weeks it fills with noise: a wrapper, a rewrite of something that already
worked, somebody’s weekend parser.


I opened it this week to clean it out and ended up reading the whole thing
instead.



  Nothing In The Logs
  Nothing In The Logs Claude Fable 5.1 can drop the reasoning you
  paid for without raising a single error. The check that…
  21zerixpm.medium.com




Nine repos. Six of them don’t install as a library, a binary, or a service.


They install as instructions for an agent: a SKILL.md and a few folders your
agent reads.


I’ve written Swift long enough to watch a couple of packaging conventions
come and go. This one showed up without an announcement and already
has Google in it.


Here they are, in the order I saved them, with what each one actually is.




1. ECC ➞ the maximalist
affaan-m/ECC · ~247k stars · MIT
The Anthropic hackathon winner’s entire Claude Code setup: 286 skills, 68
agents, 23 lifecycle hooks.


I cloned and measured this one properly last week.


The skill index alone costs about 21,500 tokens per session on a full install,
so take the minimal profile and the six skills that match your stack.npx ecc-
universal setup


Read a gents/swift-re viewer. md even if you never install it.




2. CLI-Anything ➞ the one I didn’t expect
HKUDS/CLI-Anything · 48.5k stars · Apache 2.0
This is the idea I’ve thought about most since I saved it.


It generates command-line interfaces for desktop software that never had
one: Blender, GIMP, LibreOffice, FreeCAD, QGIS, Godot, OBS, Krita, 80+
programs, so an agent can drive them with commands instead of clicking
pixels.


GUI automation is fragile because it automates the wrong layer. Give the
agent a CLI and most of that fragility goes away.


It ships a seven-phase pipeline that reads a program’s source, maps its
capabilities to commands, writes the CLI, generates the tests, and publishes
the package.


There’s a CLI-Hub registry for installing pre-built ones, and 2,280+ tests
passing.
It also auto-generates a SKILL.md for each CLI so agents can discover it,
which is the part that matters for the pattern.




3. screenshot-to-code ➞ the veteran
abi/screenshot-to-code · 76.8k stars · MIT
Drop in a screenshot, get HTML/Tailwind, React, Vue, Bootstrap, or Ionic
back. It also takes Figma frames and screen recordings.


This one has been around and it shows:


FastAPI backend, React/Vite frontend, a Docker compose file, and a hosted
version at screenshottocode.com if you don’t want to wire up keys.


It runs against Gemini, GPT, Claude, and Replicate.


It’s excellent for the first 80% of a static layout and it will not give you a
component architecture.


For iOS work it produces web output, so treat it as a reference render rather
than something you ship.




4. ScrapeGraphAI ➞ scraping that survives a redesign
ScrapeGraphAI/Scrapegraph-ai · 29.5k stars · MIT
You describe what you want; it works out how to get it.


The pipelines are graph-based: SmartScraperGraph for one page,
SearchGraph across results, SpeechGraph for audio out.


The reason to care is maintenance.


A CSS-selector scraper breaks the morning the site ships a redesign.


A prompt-driven one usually doesn’t.
It runs against OpenAI, Groq, Azure, and Gemini, or fully local through
Ollama, which is the configuration to use if you’re pointing it at anything you
don’t want leaving your machine.




5. Agent Skills ➞ the tell
google/skills · 19.4k stars · Apache 2.0
100+ agent skills for Google Cloud, GKE, databases, security, and developer
tooling.




    npx skills add google/skills




That command isn’t a Cloud SDK or a Terraform provider.


It’s a skill installer, and it bundles plugins for Claude Code and Codex, which
are competitors’ harnesses.


If someone asked me for evidence that this convention is real rather than a
vibe, this is the entry I’d point at:


Google shipping it inside its own namespace, with first-class support for
other vendors’ agents.




6. DeepSeek Harness ➞ the one to watch, carefully
deepseek-ai/deepseek-harness · ~210k stars · MIT
An agent framework on an everything-is-a-plugin architecture, with a CLI
and a web UI.




   npx @deepseek-ai/dsh web




It has roughly 210,000 stars and 14,900+ commits, and the README calls it a
developer preview with breaking changes expected.


Those two things are accurate at the same time.
Star it, read the plugin architecture, don’t put it under anything you’re on call
for yet.




7. Humanizer ➞ 35 patterns
blader/humanizer · 41k stars · MIT




An agent skill that rewrites AI-generated prose to stop sounding like AI-
generated prose.


It works from a documented pattern list drawn from Wikipedia’s “Signs of AI
writing”: it rewrites once, checks the draft against the patterns and against
the original claims, then rewrites again.


It leaves code, data, and frontmatter alone while it edits prose.


That last detail is why it’s on the list. Most “humanizer” tools happily mangle
a code block.
8. Stop Slop ➞ same problem, different method
hardikpandya/stop-slop · 16.8k stars · MIT




Stop Slop goes at the same target from a different direction: three categories
of tell (throat-clearing openers and jargon, structural habits like binary
contrasts and false agency, sentence-level rules), plus a five-dimension
rubric covering directness, rhythm, trust, authenticity, and density, scored
out of 50, with 35 as the revision threshold.
Humanizer rewrites. Stop Slop scores, which means you can put it in a loop
or a pre-commit check.


Two independent repos, 57.8k stars between them, solving the identical
problem in the same season. That looks to me like a market forming around
the cleanup cost of everything else on this list.




9. OmniRoute ➞ the plumbing
diegosouzapw/OmniRoute · 59.7k stars · MIT


An AI gateway: one endpoint in front of 352 providers, 19 routing strategies,
fallback chains, circuit breakers, and MCP server support.


It also advertises 15% to 95% token savings through compression, and
catalogs roughly 1.51 billion free tokens a month across 150+ free providers.


Those are the repo’s numbers, not mine, and the compression range is wide
enough that I’d measure it on your own traffic before repeating it.


The useful part is unglamorous: when one provider degrades, your agent
doesn’t stop.




The pattern, stated plainly
Count how these nine install.


Agent skills and harnesses: ECC, CLI-Anything, google/skills, DeepSeek
Harness, Humanizer, Stop Slop. Six of nine.
Applications: screenshot-to-code, ScrapeGraphAI. Two of nine.


Infrastructure: OmniRoute. One of nine.


Six of nine ship as things you hand to an agent rather than things you call
from your own code.


A year ago this list would have been nine libraries. And two of those six exist
purely to clean up after the other four.



  Claude Fable 5.1: What Actually Changed
  A 75% cache-read cut, three breaking API changes, and a science
  score that doubled in the order that will actually…
  medium.com




What I’d actually install tonight
Not all of it.


That was the lesson from measuring ECC: a skill you never fire still costs you
index space every session.


Three, in this order.


 1. stop-slop. Smallest of the nine, and the rubric is useful whether or not an
    agent ever runs it. Read the five dimensions and you’ll edit your own
    writing better.

 2. google/skills, selectively. Pick the categories you actually touch and skip
    the ninety you don’t.

 3. CLI-Anything, but only if you have a GUI program sitting in a workflow.
    If you do, it’s the highest-leverage thing here.
The rest get cloned and read, not installed.


One caveat about the numbers
Every star count here is real as of this week, and several of them grew very
fast.


A 210,000-star developer preview tells you about distribution, not about
production readiness.


Read the README, check the last commit date, and look at whether the
Issues tab is full of people using it or full of people failing to install it.


That takes four minutes, and it’s how I decide whether something goes in the
scratch file or on disk.




More work and developer resources: zerix1.gumroad.com


Follow me on Medium Jerry PM for more iOS/AI/Tools and developer writing.
Thank you for reading! , If this saved you from guessing at your tags, If you
enjoyed it, please consider clapping and following for more updates!           👏
Before you go
   Please take a moment to like the post and follow the writer!

   Did you know that over 400,000 developers share what they’re building,
   learning, and discovering across our platforms every month? Learn how
   you can contribute here.



 Claude Code           Artificial Intelligence               Github   Programming


 Developer Tools




                                      Written by Jerry PM
                                     2.7K followers · 157 following

                                                 IOS Engineer



                                                    Follow


                                             Buy me a coffee


                                                    Etsy


                                                  Gumroad




         Published in Stackademic                                                   Following
         88K followers · Last published 1 hour ago
             Stackademic is a learning hub for programmers, devs, coders, and engineers.
             Our goal is to democratize free coding education for the world.




Responses (9)


        Jerry PM


  What are your thoughts?




        Hunter Wiginton
        Sep 15

That OmniRoute is a game changer


    3     Reply



        Fozle Rabbi Rana
        Sep 15

The shift from installing binaries to distributing raw SKILL.md instruction files is wild. Jerry PM nailed it—when
codebases are managed by agents, documentation is the package manager.


    2            1 reply   Reply



        Koboshi
        Sep 14

I enjoy this format. Many hidden gems sit on GitHub, and posts like this save hours of aimless searching.


    5     Reply




  See all responses
More from Jerry PM and Stackademic




    Jerry PM · Mar 7                                          In Stackademic by Umesh Kumar Yadav · Sep 18


App Structure Best Practices in                           JDK 27 has been officially released,
SwiftUI: Organizing Your Project                          I’m stunned!
Part 58 of 100 in the SwiftUI Zero to Expert              On September 15, 2026, Oracle officially
Series                                                    released JDK 27, corresponding to JSR 402,…

  64                                                             221      8       2




    In Stackademic by HabibWahid · Mar 17                     Jerry PM · Jan 17


Stop Designing REST APIs Like a                           Buttons and Controls in SwiftUI:
Mid-Level Dev: 4Advanced…                                 Building Interactive UIs
Your API is versioned, paginated, and                     Part 9 of 100 in the SwiftUI Zero to Expert
validated. Now learn what separates a good…               Series

       1.4K     33        19                                57      2




  See all from Jerry PM        See all from Stackademic
Recommended from Medium




    In Mac O’Clock by Nikhil Vemu    · Jul 4               Divad     · Aug 12


macOS 27 Has a Hidden LLM Inside                       I Tested Claude Code Skills Until I
— 10 (Amazing) Things You Can D…                       Struck Gold (4 Best Claude Skills)
It’s free, runs entirely on your Mac, and lies in      Your AI is bloated, and it’s killing your
your Terminal from the day you update                  performance

       2.4K      35      18                                   1.2K      34      11




    In Level Up Coding by Haz Techy Content · Jul 28       In Data Science Collective by Anubhav · Aug 1


Open Source Apps To Replace Your                       Anthropic Said No to the Most-
Every Subscription (And don’t…                         Requested Feature in Claude Code
So recently I turned 18 and got my first credit        AGENTS.md is the file every other coding
card to put all my pocket money in and was…            agent reads. Anthropic still won’t add it, and…

       1.1K     22      3                                     1.4K      28      3
   In Towards Deep Learni… by Sumit Pand… · Jun 17      In Towards AI by Hamza Boulahia · Aug 7


I Built a Monster CLAUDE.md, And                     Why OpenCode Beat Out Every
My Coding Agent Got Scary Good                       Other AI Coding Harness I Tried
How a gstack CLAUDE.md, built on                     A year of testing came down to one clear
Karpathy’s coding rules and harness…                 winner, and it wasn’t Claude Code.

      1.1K    15     16                                    1K     40      6




  See more recommendations
